Update complex_data_manipulation Example uptime in days/hours/minutes/seconds (#77009)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/complex_data_manipulation.rst

    uptime_of_host_most_recently_rebooted: "{{ansible_play_hosts_all | map('extract', hostvars, 'ansible_uptime_seconds') | sort | first}}"

> Using an example from @zoradache on reddit, to show the 'uptime in days/hours/minutes/seconds' (assumes facts where gathered).

Reviewer: We should probably not put someone's name in the docs.

> Using an example from @zoradache on reddit, to show the 'uptime in days/hours/minutes/seconds' (assumes facts where gathered).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using an example from on `reddit <https://www.reddit.com/r/ansible/comments/gj5a93/trying_to_get_uptime_from_seconds/fqj2qr3/>`_, to show the 'uptime in days/hours/minutes/seconds' (assumes facts where gathered).
```

Author: The comment change is fine with me, it was present before, did not want to remove attribution.

> https://www.reddit.com/r/ansible/comments/gj5a93/trying_to_get_uptime_from_seconds/fqj2qr3/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
